DDS: CrowdStrike FDR Readme update (#22431)
DataDog/integrations-core: crowdstrike_fdr/README.md

## Configure Datadog Forwarder

> Refer to the [Datadog Forwarder][2] documentation for detailed configuration guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Datadog Forwarder][2] documentation for detailed configuration instructions. When configuring the Datadog Forwarder, set the **source** as follows:
```

- During the Datadog Forwarder configuration, set the **source** as follows:
    - For **CloudFormation** deployments, set `DdSource` to `crowdstrike-fdr`.
    - For **Terraform** deployments, set `dd_source` to `crowdstrike-fdr`.

>     - For **Manual** deployments, set the `DD_SOURCE` environment variable to `crowdstrike-fdr`.

Author: Done
